The next type of binding we need to talk about
is that of 2-way binding.
When using 2-way binding our view is bound
to our model.
So that whenever any changes are to the view
they are reflected back to the user.
You’ll see this commonly used in input boxes
as well as in form fields.
2-way binding is achieved by enclosing a special
directive called ngModel in both square brackets
and parenthesis.
The square brackets are used to indicate property
binding from the class property to the view
element.
And the parenthesis are used to send a notification
back to the class property that the user has
entered some data.
This is sometimes referred to as a Banana
in a Box.
Since that’s kinda what it looks like.
2-way binding uses the NgModel directive.
This directive is part of the FormsModule.
And as such, it is required for us to add
the FormsModule to our appModule file as part
of the imports array before we’re actually
able to use NgModel within our application.
Now that we’ve seen the steps involved within
2-way binding, lets try this out inside of
our app.